Update CONTRIBUTING.md with Draft pull request guidance (#1176)
standard-for-public-code/standard-for-public-code: CONTRIBUTING.md

It is preferred for each pull request to address a single issue where possible.
In some cases a single set of changes may address multiple issues, in which case be sure to list all issue numbers fixed.

> Please open pull requests in **Draft** mode while you’re still working on them. When the work is complete, mark the your pull request as **Ready** for a maintainer to merge your contribution into the target branch.

Author: ```suggestion
Please open pull requests in **Draft** mode while you’re still working on them. Draft pull requests allow maintainers and community members to collaborate, review, and comment on your changes early in the process.

Once the work is complete and all feedback has been addressed, mark the pull request as **Ready** for final review, approval, and merging into the target branch by a maintainer.
```

Perhaps this is will clearly inform what happens in pull request Draft vs Ready mode. What do you think @Ainali

Reviewer: Yes, this is even clearer and gives a good overview of our workflow!

Author: Great, then I'll apply the suggestion, and mark this pr as ready 👍
